
First off, I'm going to show you how to do these the way I edit; I know 
this confuses some people, but I don't know how else to explain things.  
I always edit breedfile .lnz sections (which is the part we are all editing 
to make different colours, sizes, tattos, etc) by copying the .lnz out 
into a new file in the hex editor, saving it as breed.txt, and then editing 
it in Notepad.  When I'm done editing, I open it in the hex editor again 
and copy it back into the breedfile. The reason I do this is because I 
then see the .lnz exactly the way it was before the programmers compiled 
it into the .dog or .cat file -- it really _is_ a small text file, you 
see, and when you look at it you can see exactly what you're doing without 
having to laboriously count numbers in the hex editor.  So, hexing my way, 
here's the best I can explain:

Question: 
---------

How can I stop ugly wrong-colour spots from showing through my catz' head when I edit the ears?

Answer:
-------

Here's how the ear basically works, to start with.  The cat's ear is made up of a base ball in the head (Ballz nos. 8 and 10) and a tip (Ballz nos. 9 and 11), then a selection of [Add Ball] ballz and [Linez] all make up the rest of the shape.  

In [Add Ball], you usually get the three nose balls and then

;ears 80
8, 	-10, 	-25, 	-8, 	69, etc.

In the Linez, the first column of numbers contains the ballz from which the default colour of each linez is taken; for instance

;srt	end	fuzz	col	lfCol	rtCol	sThck	eThick
<snip other lines of code>
80, 	8,      0, 	-1, 	-1, 	 -1,	100,	100

This tells the game that ball 80 is attached to ball 8 by a line which has the default colour (that's what -1 means) of ball 80.  The other columns show that the default colour is used for the outline of each side of the linez, and the thickness of the linez's sides.

The problem is almost always caused by either ballz 8 and 10 being too large or the wrong colour and showing through or by the [Add Ball] ballz 80, 82, 83, 85 being in slightly the wrong place and/or wrong size.

If it's the base earball, the one that's in the head, you can fix it by reducing it and/or changing its colour.  You can try fooling around with it in the [Move] area too if you want to.

If it's the Add ballz that are causing the problem, then you need to alter their position or resize them.  Try these x,y,z numbers and size for ball 80: 

-3, -30, -8, (for the coordinates) and 4 (for the ballsize) 

And for ball 83 

3, -30, -8, (for the coordinates) and 4 (for the ballsize) 

The other two ballz, basically on the outside of the head at the side, can be shifted and resized too if they are proving to be a problem.  And if the ballz being so small cause a problem with the linez being too thin, just thicken up the linez a bit.

Enjoy

Carolyn Horn



