

>I need to delete about 4,000 bytes in my Lab file and I've already deleted 
>the entire Color Info Override section & the Outline Color Override section.  
>I really don't want to delete every little space in the ballz info section 
>because it will take a year and a half but I will if I have to.  Is there any 
>other section I can delete?

I don't believe there's any complete section that you can delete that
would have that many bytes.  I'd take them from the Ballz Info section -
- I do that all the time, there's _loads_ in there.  What I do is copy
the Ballz Info section into Word (Wordpad will do), and do a "replace
all", choosing the number of spaces that I want to be replaced by just
one.  Then I copy the ballz Info back into my working Notepad file.  In
the Lab, if you replace all instances of two spaces with one space, and
then replace all instances of comma and space with comma only, you'll
remove a whopping 3,600 and it takes less than a minute altogether.
That leaves 400 to go, and you can remove extra spaces or tabs (Word can
deal with special characters like tabs, not sure if Wordpad can) in a
similar fashion from the Linez, Addballz, or Paint Ballz sections.  They
don't have as much of a space-removing bonanza as the Ballz info, of
course.

Finally, all lines which start with a semi-colon are "commented out" --
which means that the game ignores them.  They are either guidelines for
the programmers, or they are lines of code that the programmers have
decided they don't need but they never got around to deleting them.  So
you can delete lines such as
OUTLINE --> -1 = no outline, 0 = half outline, > 0 = outline thickness
and so on.  I tend to leave those until last, as they are handy for us
hexers to refer to as well, and I like to leave them for anyone who is
going to use one of my breedz as a base.

I've managed to pack a few breedz pretty thoroughly this way -- my
"Calibean" cat up at Anso's site is a good example of this, I made it specifically
for hexers to examine, as I get asked about how to do spots a lot.  The Calibean
contains all the calico's patches, plus the dalmatian's spots, plus a
few colour variations.  It is well stuffed with code, and removing the
spaces etc only took me a few minutes.

Hope that helps

Carolyn Horn

