
Here are the Freaky Dogz Calico catz...  Note that although they use a .dog
file and the Petz 3 ones have the dog icons, you will still need to have some 
catz game items for the breed to work.  So if you only have the dogz part of 
Petz, download and install my "catz species in dogz" package.

These are completely nonsensical, but for people who like to freak
out they are fun.  They are a "curiosity", and for all I know might well
crash your game.  They work fine in my game, but there are some things
which you _can't_ do with these pets:

1. Take snapshots with the in-game camera, because the game insists that they
are behind the door.
2. Breed?  I have no idea whether these will breed or not, but I suspect not, 
if the game thinks that they are half there, half not-there.
3. Put them away.  If you want to make them go away, you need to close the 
game.
4. Feed them.  If it worries you, use the brain slider registry fix or 
Omar's Debugger.
5. Put clothes on them.  Heck, maybe you can -- but I've not managed it.  
I think that this is because the game thinks that they are behind the door.
5. Pick them up in the usual way.  To move them by hand, you need to actually 
pick up the carry-case.

What you _can_ do with them is bring them out, stroke them, and fall over
laughing at their dysfunctional antics.

And when you are done, if you feel sorry for the poor things living in a
never-never land, you can replace them with their original files which 
you will find in the included JeffriAndJilliForCatz.zip.  They will only
be able to breed, though, if you give your game's Calico.cat file the ID 
number 40CD.  Make sure you have a copy of the original safe first, or your
other calicos won't be able to breed!

A couple of things to note, about the breedfile:

1. It will not clash with other original breedz or any of mine.
2. You cannot adopt a new pet with it, although you can choose them at the 
Adoption Centre and watch them fooling around.
3. If you have this breed in place when you breed calico cats, you just _might_ 
get the "Dalmatian.cat syndrome" -- it's harmless, but makes the baby look
like a malformed pretzel when it first comes out in its mother's mouth.
The effect disappears after the proud mum is put away and brought back out.

Enjoy!

Carolyn Horn (mad petz-scientist with Frankenstein tendencies <g>)