
Apparently a lot of people simply cannot understand, or are unwilling 
to read, what I say in my tutorials -- especially about the tools that 
a hexer needs.

So here I'm answering these common questions.  Please note that I am 
always happy to help anyone who genuinely wants to learn to hex-edit my way 
and has problems with the way I put things, but I am a little impatient with 
the many people who write these particular questions.  And sheesh, I _hate_ 
the "r u" and "4 me" type of shorthand, but that's how people write to me, 
so here verbatim are the things that I am often asked: 

a) "what is hex?"
b) "how do u hex?"
c) "do u need a program to hex?"
d) "if so do u have to get it from a pc shop?"
e) "can u tell me what site 2 find <a specific breed or toyz etc> i dont have time 2 look"
f) "will u hex a cat/dog/baby/pet 4 me and i want it 4 me only"
g) "heres a breed i want u 2 convert it 4 me"
h) "i want u 2 make this for me i dont have time 2 read all that stuff youve written"

And here are my answers, in real English because I have no idea how to write 
in "tex" or whatever the modern shorthand is:

Q) "what is hex?"
A) "Hex", in the Petz Community, is the term used to refer to hex editing or 
hex painting, both of which are the altering of a file through the use of a 
hex editor.  Recently, people have started to use the modern Resource Editors  
to edit some files, but they still refer to it as "hexing" because usable 
Resource Editors are very new.

Q) "how do u hex?"
A) Please, please red my tutorials and "howto"s, available at this site; I 
put a lot of time and effort into trying to explain to people how I hex edit 
breedz etc, and it would be courteous for you to at least try to read what I 
have written.  Remember too, that if you cannot understand what I've said in 
my tutorials, you probably wouldn't be able to understand any attempt I make 
to re-write them for you.  Your best bet, in that case, is to find one of 
the many other people who hex-edit, and have them explain it to you.

Q) "do u need a program to hex?"
A) I explain about the tools you need in my tutorials.  A quick resume, and some new
tools for you to try:
1) -- You need a hex editor for some things.  Do a search for "hex editor" and Freeware 
using the Google search engine on the internet -- www.google.com.
2) -- Some people nowadays use Resource Editors such as ResHacker for "hexing" new 
breedz or babyz.  See my totorials page for a link.
3) -- To hex edit my way, you need Notepad.  That should be on your computer already.
Also for really easy "hexing", download and install my various easy-edit kits.
4) -- Another easy way to "hex" Petz breedz would be to download LNZ Pro and 
Pet Workshop, available on my "Nicholas' Tools" pages. 
5) -- For some very occasional items, you need Wordpad.  On your computer already.
6) -- For filmstrips etc you need a paint package.  Paint will do, already on your computer.
7) -- For filmstrips, you may want to download Axe 2.  It's available at my site 
(tutorials page) and at Daniel Wright's Odd-petz site.  But I expect you'd pefer Tinker...
8) -- For toy-making and filmstrip-editing, grab Tinker.  From my "Nicholas' Tools" pages.

Q) "if so do u have to get it from a pc shop?"
A) No.  You can download anything that you need.

Q) "can u tell me what site 2 find <a specific breed or toyz etc> i dont have time 2 look"
A) No.  I don't have time to look either, and I do not run a search service.
Try asking around on the many forums.  I have links to some on my Links page.

Q) "will u hex a cat/dog/baby/pet 4 me and i want it 4 me only"
A) No. I do not have any spare time to take on new hexing work, and I do not 
do exclusives any more.  Try asking around on the many forums, there are a 
lot of talented hexers on the Internet.  I have links to some of the forums on my 
Links page.

Q) "heres a breed i want u 2 convert it 4 me"
A) What a shame you wasted bandwidth sending me the breed.  I have no time to 
convert other people's breedz, and I do not run a conversion service.  Try asking
around on the many forums, there are a lot of talented hexers on the Internet.
I have links to some of the forums on my Links page.

Q) "i want u 2 make this for me i dont have time 2 read all that stuff youve written"
A) Good gracious me, _NO_!  If you have no time to read what I have written,
that's a shame -- but I have no time to make the thing you want, either!

Good luck

Carolyn 
