
This is in reply to someone who wrote asking for more breedz for the
Petz 3 International games.

It actually works for any version of the game, so long as you download
the relevant "easy-edit" package for your game.  You can make external-
lnz overwrites for your own game, quickly and easily.

If you want to have a _lot_ of other breedz very quickly,
don't mind them being "overwriting", and are willing to do a little
work, I would advise this:

First, download my "For Easy-editing" Original Breedz for Non-English Catz
and Dogz 3.  Get the Sound-stripped, external-lnz ones.  Install them as
per the instructions (making sure you've got your originals safe
somewhere first of course!).  You will not have to use a hex editor
but you do need one tool for viewing and copying from.

Download the freeware ResHacker and unpack it
http://www.users.on.net/johnson/resourcehacker/

Download the breedz that you want -- for any version of Petz from
P3-P5.  For instance, if you want my Calicochi, download that and unpack
it to a temporary directory.  With ResHacker you can open the breedfile,
navigate to the LNZ and then the ch and then the 1033 in the left-hand
pane. Select everything that you see in the right-hand pane from 

; chihuahua 

right down to 

Hat     0,4,0      1.2.  

and choose Copy.

Open the ch.lnz, which you downloaded in my easy-edit package, in Notepad.
Select the whole of it and choose paste.  Save.

Now repeat the process with the chpup in Reshacker and the chpup.lnz in
Notepad.

Next time you open the game, your chihuahua will come out of the AC
looking like the Calicochi!

You can do a similar thing with all of the breedz that you see out there
on the internet.  The downside is that you will end up with a lot of
overwriting .lnz files and you will need to be well-organised to keep
clear which is which; the up-side is that you can breed any pet with any
.lnz in place and get some very interesting breeding-programs going.

Enjoy!

Carolyn

