
Question:
=========
I have a playscene for Petz 4, I would like to convert or at least recreate it in P5.  Help!


Answer:
=======
If it's an Editor-made scene (as opposed to hex), then you'll need to extract the graphics and 
sounds using a hex editor (ResHacker won't see 'em).  Then you'll need to either build the
playscene in the P5 Editor or make a hexed scene with the backdrop, in the same manner as for
a Petz 3 playscene.  I've got a quick "howto" up at my site for Petz 5 people who want to change
backdrops and sounds.  If you use the latter method, you'll either have to bear with the fact
that you can't alter the filmstrips or you'll have to edit them out of the scene.  There are
some limited possibilities in swapping filmstrip .spr files from other P5 items, but there is
no way as yet (March 2004) of editing them.

The betting is that several of the graphics are jpegs, although there might also be bitmaps.  
If they are bitmaps, they will start with BM, if they are jpegs they will start 6 bytes in 
front of the text string JFIF, and for sounds you're looking for RIFF.

Here's my method for this kind of stripping; there might be a better method, but this is quick 
for me.  Open a copy of the file in your hex editor.  Search for JFIF.  Position your cursor six 
bytes in front of that -- those bytes will probably be hex FFD8FFE00010.  Select from there to 
the end of the file, copy to a new file in the hex editor, save as firstpic.jpg.  Now take that 
file and search for the next instance of JFIF.  Select from the 6-byte intro in front of that to 
the end of the file, and cut.  Save; that's your first jpeg.  Now open a new empty file in the 
hex editor and Paste.  Save as secondpic.jpg.  Repeat the process until you've reached the last 
JFIF.  Now open the original file and do the same with RIFF to get the sounds.  Finally, there 
are likely to be bitmaps in there also.  Don't go just searching for BM because there will 
probably be some of those in the middle of the wav files; you need to be able to identify the 
real bitmaps.  Now, the Editor-made files actually have a handy way of finding them:  look for 
.bmp because the Editor lists the url of the file before the file itself.  It does this for the 
other files in there also, but those are quick 'n' easy to find without it.  Right, the BM 
which comes shortly after the .bmp is what you want to put your cursor in front of and strip 
out as shown above for the jpegs.

Eventually you will have all the files chopped out and on your hard drive.  There'll be bits 
of text at the ends of the files, you can chop them off if you like or just open them in a 
paint program (or sound editor for wavs) and re-save.

Now you can build your own playscene with those files; enjoy!

On the other hand, if you're asking whether P4 Editor-made files can be simply made to work 
in P5, my answer is I dunno for sure but I don't believe so.  From the few that I've looked 
into, P5 Editor-made files seem to have a slightly different structure, and they start with 
UbiSoft's name instead of P.F.Magic's.

Enjoy!

Carolyn

