
This zipfile contains a massively stripped-down Petz 5 Rez.dll, with
most of its internal files extracted so as to be editable or swappable
on the hard drive.

It's the one I use in my game, and you will find some very weird things
about it.   These weird things are caused by the fact that, to reduce
the space it takes up, I've replaced the largest .spr files with copies
of small ones renamed to suit.  This means that the Adoption Centre
door is a tiny icon high up on the left side of the AC "house"; it
works fine but the pets look funny coming out :-)  It also means that
the mini-games won't work right.

The major point to know is that with the SPR files that are included 
in the Petz5Easy-editFiles.zip file, you won't be able to play
most of the minigames, possibly any of them -- I really don't know
because I never played them anyway.  

If you have done as I suggested in my "Mad Scientist's Petz 5 
Sprite-swapping insanity" page, you will already have the SPR files
extracted from your Petz 5 Rez.dll.  Remove them all to a safe place
before you extract the included Petz5Easy-editFiles.zip file, and then
you can replace them as you wish afterwards, overwriting my replacements.
I do not intend to upload the full .dll, it's far too big, and anyway
I don't use it -- this is the one I use.

The point of uploading this for you is so that people who want the
Easy-edit mice but don't want to have to make small changes to the big
.dll file in a hex editor can do so.  But remember -- put your original 
Petz 5 Rez.dll somewhere safe because this one _will_ overwrite yours otherwise.

So, what you have in this zip is all that you need to enable you to customise 
your game's mice, bone, stick, etc.  You'll also be able to alter some sounds
and other bits and pieces easily.

To install, first of all move your Petz 5 Rez.dll file -- it will be in your 
game's Resource directory -- and put it somewhere very safe.  Then place the
Petz 5 Rez.dll file which is in this zip in its place.  Now unzip the included
Petz5Easy-editFiles.zip into your game's main directory, where you see the Petz 5.exe
file.  It should unpack everything into the correct places.  See the included
screengrab GIFs to give you an idea of where everything should have gone.  
If it isn't all in the right places, find the files wherever they were unpacked 
on your hard drive and put them in the correct places, using My computer or 
Windows Explorer.  

The game should now start with no problems.

In order to edit your mice or cockroaches, open the relevant .LNZ files into
Notepad, edit them as you would a breed's .lnz, and enjoy.  See my various "howtos"
on editing breedz if you have no idea what all the numbers etc mean.

You can change the sounds that your game uses for calling petz etc; just replace
any of the .wav files with others of your choice, named correctly of course.

You can change the .bmp files for any of your own choosing also; but be careful
if you're planning on distributing litterz which use altered furfile bmps because
the people adopting them won't see the pet as you do.

You can of course change the .txt files to suit yourself.  The .SPR files
can be swapped around to make things like case doors of your choice or to give 
your Adoption Centre a new look.  If anyone figures out how to edit .SPR files
sometime, then of course you would be able to edit them.  But until then, swapping
is all that's really possible...  You can get some fun results with it though!

Enjoy!

Carolyn Horn