
This is an easy-edit kit for the Petz 5 Playscene Editor.  Not a lot of point
to it perhaps, since this download doesn't fix the major problems, but this is 
the state of the thing as it is on my machine as of now, with a load of unused 
junk removed. The junk just takes up rather a lot of hard drive space, so I
thought you'd like this cleaned-out version that I use.

I've not found a way of fitting a "browse" feature into the sounds dialogs
so all the sounds that you will want to add to your game will still have to 
be in the directory, off your game's Resource directory, called
Playscene Editor; I guess that's no big problem, but it's irritating.

The real bug is the sprite-transparency one, and I still have not found a 
way of making the game see transparency in sprites.  The only way to use moving 
sprites is really by choosing a suitable background for the sprite and then 
choosing a path for it that has the same colour background.  Actually some
really good results can be got that way, but it's still a serious bug.

In the process of checking the Editor out, I ended up making a sort of
playscene, which I'll make downloadable just for the heck of it.

How to install
--------------

The Editor.env goes in your game's Resource\Area directory of course.  
It will overwrite your game's original, so take care to move that to 
somewhere safe first.  I will not send you the original if you mess
up, it's too big.

Unpack the included SceneEditorExternalsP5.zip into the root directory of
your game (where the Petz .exe file is).  Everything should automatically go 
into the correct place.  If not, you will have to shift the files by dragging
and dropping them in Windows Explorer (or My Computer).  There should be 
a subdirectory off wherever you unzipped it, called art.  This 
subdirectory should contain another, called sprites.  This 
sprites subdirectory should contain another, called Area. This 
Area subdirectory should contain another, called Editor.
Inside that Editor directory you should see a bunch of files.

Drag and drop the whole nest of directories so that the subdirectory "art"
is directly off your game's root directory.  If you have already installed 
various of my "external-lnz" scenes, art\sprites\area will already be there; 
in which case just drag and drop the Editor directory into it.

That's it.  There's not really much for you to edit here, just the two icons
in the selection menu -- but heck, the originals are a bit dull and this is 
all just part of customising your game :-)

Enjoy

Carolyn
