
Question:

> I'm editing a Chinchilla Persian but I don't want the pets to have sleepy-sickness.

Answer:

The "sleepy-sickness fix" and "alley sickness fix" which I've got up are for petfiles only, 
to help people whose pets are adopted or bred from P.F.Magic or StudioMythos original files. 

What you need is the behaviour-swapping / personality-swapping technique, but  the other 
way round from the way I have in my "howto".

Sleepy-sickness is one of those "special" problems, like the Alley fleas, which need extra 
attention; so, as far as I've found up to now, if you want to have a breed that produces 
sleepy-sickness free pets, you need to do the same thing that I did with the Alley Cat.   
That is, put the Chinchilla .scp and .lnz files into a different breedfile which has been 
renamed to Chinchilla Persian with the correct ID and "rd" mnemonic.  Of course as I say 
in my behaviour-swapping Howto, you can do this as external .lnz and .scp files if you're 
just making litters, it's quicker and easier.  

If you use the original Chinchilla Persian.cat file as a base, you will always get pets 
that are prone to sleepy sickness even if you change the .scp; it's in the virtual "dna" 
that the game engine uses, in a way.  If you use a different, renamed and ID'd file, 
you'll get pets that are free of it.  

If you're just adopting out litters, you don't have to distribute the altered breedfile -- 
the adopted pets will be free of the disease when used with the original breedfile, just 
as with the Alley sickness.  They should also breed fine to the nth generation without it.

So the bottom line is:

If you start with a breedfile which is not of an "infected" type, and use all the .lnz
and .scp files from an "infected" type, your pets will be free of "genetic" illnesses.
If you adopt a pet from the uninfected breedfile, you can then play with and breed from
it using an infected breedfile; the pet will use the correct behaviours but will be immune
to the sicknesses.

Hope that helps

Carolyn Horn